Implement full-stack image (#279)
aiidalab/aiidalab-docker-stack: README.md

For manual testing, you can start the images with `doit up`, however please refer to the next section for a production-ready local deployment of AiiDAlab with aiidalab-launch.

### Test on different architectures

Images are built for multiple architectures (amd64 and aarch64) during continuous integration and pushed to the GitHub Container Registry (ghcr.io).

> To run automated tests or manual test against those images, simply specify the registry with the aformentioned `up` and `tests` commands (e.g. `doit up --registry=ghcr.io/).

Reviewer: I think we should add the ability to specify the image tag/sha, when running `doit up`. I am not sure this is implemented in `dodo.py`.

Reviewer: Also, despite I am logged in, it didn't work for me:

```bash
$ docker login ghcr.io -u yakutovicha
Password:
Login Succeeded
$ doit up --registry=ghcr.io/
.  up
aiidalab Pulling
aiidalab Error
```

Author: Can you try to provide more information here? Maybe you can run the command manually to get more verbose output?
```console
REGISTRY=ghcr.io/ docker-compose up --detach
```

Reviewer: Not much is shown.
```bash
REGISTRY=ghcr.io/ docker-compose up --detach
[+] Running 0/1
 ⠿ aiidalab Error                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    0.8s
Error response from daemon: denied
```
It might be related to the token access rights. I will re-test this after lunch.

Reviewer: Indeed, the issue was related to the token access rights.

The only issue that remains is this:

> I think we should add the ability to specify the image tag/sha, when running `doit up`. I am not sure this is implemented in `dodo.py`.

@csadorf can you please comment on this last point?

Author: This was implemented in https://github.com/aiidalab/aiidalab-docker-stack/pull/289 .

> Note: You may have to [log into the registry first](https://docs.github.com/en/packages/working-with-a-github-packages-registry/working-with-the-container-registry#authenticating-to-the-container-registry).

Reviewer: Maybe just put the command here. Took me some time to find it in the link.

```suggestion
Note: You may have to log into the registry first (`docker login ghcr.io -u USERNAME`).
```

Author: I'd prefer not to, because the linked page provides more context, e.g., that one should obtain a PAT and with which access rights etc. I think by just showing a single command here – which may or may not work – we are oversimplifying this.

Reviewer: ok, sounds good to me.
